[MGDOBR-335] Shell scripts update (#334)
5733d9e2be6485d52ffa08870cabdee0/sandbox: dev/README.md

MINIKUBE_DRIVER=hyperkit
```

### Setup podman and cri-o container runtime

With Fedora 34, there is an issue in spotting the coredns pod due to a cgroup issue with docker/podman.

One workaround is to use the `cri-o` container runtime with `podman` driver.

> Either export this env variable or add this to `localconfig` file (the latter method is suggested):

Author: ```suggestion
Either export those env variables or add this to `localconfig` file (the latter method is suggested):
```
